hi I'm Marika regna with MGB special
events in Arlington Virginia and today
I'm showing you how to make a romantic
dinner for two for your special
Valentine and right now we're gonna work
on the escargot our appetizer for today
and this is what you're going to need in
order to do it we're gonna need some
nice dishes for baking escargot if you
have them if not you could take a pyrex
dish just anything that's oven proof
oven safe and you can put it in the oven
that way we're gonna need some garlic
some chopped fresh chives some cleaned
and rinsed escargot
salt I like to use white pepper for this
some cooking sherry
will need some butter softened already a
bowl a fork and a garlic press so let's
get started on our escargot appetizer
okay so make sure that you thoroughly
rinse off your escargot under cool water
use a colander or you could use a bowl
that you can see there's you know if not
that this is bad put those little parts
in there just gently rinsing you could
run them under if there's anything
that's hanging on just pull it off nice
and then we're gonna go ahead and Pat
them dry and we're gonna use six six for
me and six for you for your romantic
date for Valentine's Day and remember
always wash your hands okay we've
already got it softened so I like to use
a fork just to mix it up get it nice and
mushy
okay and we're gonna take you know
probably two or three cloves of garlic
can't have enough garlic and we're
pressing it
all we're really getting out of this is
really the garlic juice the skin we can
toss aside with okay press another one
you could chop this if you want but I
love using the garlic press it's so
simple it's so easy and I like the
results of it that I get out of it so
I'm gonna probably do I mean we're only
doing 12 escargot today six for me six
for you and so I'm gonna use about three
cloves of garlic I guess okay that's
done
just some chives I guess maybe a
tablespoon or tablespoon and a half
little salt I like to use white pepper I
don't know because it doesn't show up as
much it is a little bit stronger so you
have to go a little easier on it than
you would regular pepper and then
cooking sherry you can get this at the
grocery store you don't have to buy an
expensive sherry just any kind of
cooking sherry and I'm gonna slowly put
that in until I figure after I get the
right consistency and I might have to
add more but for the meantime I'm just
gonna add just a little bit and just
marry all of those ingredients together
and you can smell it already it smells
wonderful you can use this as a basis
for so many other different things you
could use this as a butter on fillets
today we're not going to do that you
could use this on fish you could use it
on chicken just about anything it's just
a wonderful base to make your foods
taste so well okay mix that all up
together now and our handy dandy little
escargot dishes here I'm gonna go ahead
and I'm just gonna put a little dollop
let's do it this way just a little
dollop at the bottom of each one of
these just so that when we put the
escargot in
it doesn't it doesn't burn or it has a
nice little base on the bottom now as it
as it cooks it's gonna all it's gonna
totally submerge the little escargot is
which exactly what we want to do all
right that's nice now of course if you
have extra this it's not a problem I'd
rather have more than less don't have to
go back and do all the steps again all
right and this is a very very simple
appetizer but it's sure to please your
Valentine
okay all right now we're just gonna
simply take an escargot pop it in there
the nice thing about these dishes is
that there's room to have it the butter
when it melts to cover it up and you see
there's a little rim here it makes it
nice just pop each one of those in
hopefully I counted right perfect okay
now we're gonna take the rest of our
butter and just put it on top and I tell
you this is so good especially after
you've eaten all your escargot and then
you want to take some nice butter bread
and dip it in this juice it's so good
now I've already got my oven preheated
at 350 and it really does not take very
long to cook this 1518 minutes or until
it's bubbling because the escargot is
already cooked so you're just gonna get
it basically good and hot and it's
usually only 15 or 18 minutes okay I
like to put it on a cookie sheet case it
does happen to overflow it's got lined
with tin foil and it won't make your
oven all messy okay so let's go on over
to the oven
okay so here we have our escargot it's
been in the oven for 15 minutes at 350
and as you'll see you know when it's
ready cuz it's nice and bubbly and hot
and it is gorgeous look at that and it
just smells so amazing I wish you could
smell it and this is a wonderful way to
start off your romantic Valentine's
dinner and next we're gonna make our
Boursin scalloped potatoes to watch the
other segments in this video series or
for how-to videos on almost any other
topic visit monkey-see calm